Think about it again, who is it because of?
Are you talking about killing me?
But it's impossible.
He is just a little girlfriend
How can you have such great ability?
and
Why did he want to hurt me?
I investigated him before
He's not just had plastic surgery.
Also embezzled the investment within Sha Zong
It must be hard to get into an industrialist
As for the reason
I don't know yet.
What do you do now?
husband
So are you going to make up with me now?
Of course, a hundred couples a day
Wife is waiting for the moment we wake up
We start over
Husband, I knew you couldn't bear to part with me
Then I'll ask Xiaobei to find Mr. Sha
Expose the true face of that bastard
Exactly.
Buddha's face like killing Jun Ze
I will definitely put that soul egg
Died without a burial
President, I bought what you want.
Top South African Diamond Necklace
That's so great!
Great as a collar
president
You want to put this necklace of hundreds of millions of dollars.
As a collar for pets?
For my little feral cat
Is there a problem?
Oh.
fantasy
That's fine.
The president
Maybe you go first with the blood bar
I'll fix it.
It's you two coming with me
To hell with it.